[TITLE MUSIC]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> I'm Dr. Theresa Bullard, and
this is "Mystery Teachings."
How do we break out of the
box of our old paradigm
and move beyond limited and
linear ways of operating?
A new paradigm of
quantum, holographic,
and multi-dimensional thinking
offers an alternative model
to our past.
But to make this shift, we must
reassess the very framework
we use to organize and orient
ourselves within spacetime.
In this episode, we explore
very practical tools
for shifting our framework
and tapping into a more
expansive flow of life.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
The pursuit of
structure has been
a central endeavor for
humans since the earliest
civilizations.
Now, in this pursuit, man has
devised various grid systems
as a way to organize and define
our reality within spacetime.
Grids are based upon geometry.
This makes geometry
and the mathematics
that underlies it one
of the oldest arts
and sciences on the planet.
For much of human
history, the keys
to applying this art and science
were kept as trade secrets
that only the few had access to.
These keys were used
for everything from city
planning to the designs
of temples and buildings,
to book formats and typography.
Even to this day, it
shows up in the way
we are presented with images
on our digital devices.
Grids form the very foundation
upon which all precision design
work is based.
In our modern world, the
most common grid system
is based upon the
geometry of the square.
Pick up any notebook with grid
paper from an office supply
store and you'll
see the pages are
lined with vertical and
horizontal lines that
intersect to form rows and
columns of tiny squares.
This square-based grid
system forms the basis
of what's called the Cartesian
coordinate system, where
the length of a square is given
the value of one unit in space.
When we extend this grid system
to three dimensions of space,
we get the familiar
axes of x, y, and z.
This system works with
the numbers 0 through 9
and higher, with each
number in the sequence
being one unit greater
than the previous number.
This sequential counting
system, based on the box or unit
square, has governed the
way in which we order,
and therefore
perceive, our reality.
For several centuries, this
has been the dominant framework
for organizing the
world around us.
The Cartesian coordinate system
played a fundamental role
in the development of
calculus by Isaac Newton
and Gottfried Leibniz.
It flourished in
the Newtonian era,
and underlies so much
of science that it still
affects our worldview today.
This system is
great for reducing
a whole into its
separate parts in order
to have things in boxes.
But as we shift into
a quantum paradigm,
we must break out of the box.
From a quantum
perspective, the limits
of the Cartesian
coordinate system
become painfully obvious.
Physicist David Bohm identifies
the Cartesian coordinate system
as one of the biggest
problems with current physics.
He acknowledges
it as a good model
to understand separate parts
in a linear way of thinking,
but it fails at understanding
the undivided whole.
Bohm writes that
"Aristotle would
have found the coordinate
system of little
or no significance for
his aim of understanding
the universe as an organism.
But once men were
ready to conceive
of the universe
as a machine, they
would naturally tend to take
the order of coordinates
as a universally relevant
one, valid for all basic
descriptions in physics.
Thus we have inherited this
Cartesian coordinate system
from an age of
mechanistic worldview."
The Cartesian model is very
linear, and as a result,
it puts us and our
entire way of orienting
our thoughts into a box.
It limits our ability
to think holographically
and to see the whole organism.
Bohm criticizes this
existing framework
which has dominated
science and mathematics
since the time of Descartes.
He asserts that physical
law should refer primarily
to an order of undivided
wholeness, similar to that
indicated by the
hologram, rather
than to an order of analysis
into separate parts.
This limiting model is
more about static systems
than our living,
dynamic, organic,
and interconnected reality.
Beyond mathematics and
science, this numbering system
is how we have learned
to order and understand
the universe around us.
It is the relationship
between humans and spacetime,
and this perspective is
deeply embedded within us.
Bohm indicates the
pervasiveness of this system
by noting that, while
physics has changed radically
in many ways, the
Cartesian grid has
remained one of the key
features that has not changed.
He explains that our notions
of order are pervasive.
For not only do they involve our
thinking, but also our senses,
our feelings, our intuitions,
our movement in physical space,
our relationships with other
people and with society
as a whole, and indeed
every phase of our lives.
How far back can we trace
this Cartesian-type grid
or numbering system?
Well, it actually
goes as far back
as the Pythagorean
numerology model.
Pythagoras was an initiate
of the Western Mystery School
tradition.
And while there is true magic
that comes from the Pythagorean
model, his mathematical
conclusions
have inadvertently limited us.
By today, it is so
ingrained within our society
we don't even think about it.
Some aspects of the Pythagorean
model are really good.
But the use of the numbers 0
through 9 as a counting system
is where it keeps us stuck
in a limited way of being.
How so?
Well, when we count 1, 2, 3, 4,
5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5,
6, 7, 8, 9, every
time we hit 9, it's
an ending, a death,
or a completion.
The Pythagorean number system
is thus a system of endings.
When we count using
this number system,
it's like constantly
reinforcing a death march.
Counting 1 through 9 is like
following marching orders.
It's very ordered
and militaristic.
It's a good way to control
people and keep them
within a set of rules or boxes.
Now before we go
too far with this,
let me just be clear that
the numbers 0 through 9
are important as archetypes.
They are on the tree of life.
They are emanations
from the source,
representing states of being
or aspects of divinity.
Each number stands on its
own as an archetype or ray
of creation.
They were never meant to be
used as a counting system.
When we adopted this
system for counting,
we put ourselves in a position
of counting in a linear way--
step 1, step 2, step
3, step 4, and so on.
And this led to limitations in
so many other aspects of life.
The Pythagorean number system
dictates a certain rhythm
or frequency that is cut
off from our true reality.
It leads to a
reductionist model,
looking at separate parts
outside of their relation
to the whole.
It limits our
connection to spirit
within our physical life.
Many people feel
cut off from spirit.
We wonder why is spirit not
more alive in our physical life.
Well, part of the
problem is that we've
been relying on this
number system for counting,
and we have attuned ourselves
to its limiting frequency.
While science and mathematics
have readily adopted it,
the Mystery School
tradition has been
asking, what if we never
adopted the 1-through-9 counting
system?
Would we perhaps not have built
boxes all over the planet?
Would our modern-day
homes and structures
maybe have been more
like domes or pyramids?
Well, in the Mystery
School, we see today
that the Pythagorean
number system slowly
eliminated the
possibilities of magic
within this physical materia.
Everything has become too
linear and structured,
according to the box, for
real magic to take place.
It has formed our
matrix, and now we
need to get out of this
matrix and into Zion
in order to tap back in
to the real magic of life.
And there is no reason other
than old paradigm conventions
that we should be bound
by this Cartesian grid
or Pythagorean counting system.
These systems are not absolutes.
Any grid system or
number system should
be flexible to meet the needs
and the purposes at hand,
and if necessary, can
be modified or even
abandoned if we have
a better solution.
Purpose defines form, and
form reveals function.
Functionality is the main
feature of any grid system.
It is simply a way of
organizing information.
What alternative number
systems could we use?
Is there another
framework that fits more
within a quantum worldview?
The answer is yes, there are
actually a couple options
we can look at.
One alternative to
the Pythagorean model
is the chaldean
numerology system.
The chaldean system traces
back to the Sumerians.
The Sumerians used
numbers 0 through 9,
but in their counting system,
they only used 1 through 8.
While this system works with
incremental units still,
the advantage to an
eight-count system
is that it's more musical.
It is much more according
to the rhythm of the soul,
the rhythm of life.
When we count 0 through 9, we
notice the energy drops at 9,
and then we need to put effort
in to start it up again.
But when we use the
eight-count system,
we don't have that
same kind of drop.
There is a continuation,
a connectedness, a flow,
and so many dance
styles are based
on this eight-count rhythm.
We see this counting system and
things like the octagon, the I
Ching, the bagua, which is the
continuation of all things.
We also see it in the
three-dimensional Tree of Life
when the structure of the
three-dimensional tree
forms an octagon as
it rotates around us.
When we tune our life to this
chaldean numerology system,
it is more rhythmic
and uplifting.
Life becomes a dance rather
than a march or a task.
It is the rhythm of the soul.
Thus, the chaldean system
brings more energy,
more harmony into our lives.
But there is another system
to explore with even more
potential for us as
spiritual beings living
in the physical world, one
that can really get us out
of the box.
This is what is known as
a Vitruvian numerology.
How is Vitruvian
mathematics so different?
Well, it's based on
acceleration and expansion.
It is about living life fully
alive, taking leaps in life.
This is the rhythm that we
should be flowing in our lives.
It is in accordance
with our spirit enters
into this physical plane.
Rather than a
linear progression,
Vitruvian numerology is based
on the Fibonacci sequence, which
is an ever-expanding
progression.
It gives us the frequency
of the golden mean,
the measure of spirit
entering into the physical.
As the rays of Ein
Sof, the source,
penetrate into the physical
density of materia,
it generates this golden
ratio of 1.618, dot dot dot.
"The Vitruvian Man,"
by Leonardo da Vinci,
another Western Mystery
School initiate,
illustrates these proportions
within the human body,
with each segment of the
fingers, to the hand,
to the arm, and so on,
all of it expanding
according to this golden ratio.
In "The Vitruvian Man," da Vinci
shows two different worlds,
the box and the circle.
Also hidden within
it is the triangle.
It makes one wonder
whether da Vinci was
encouraging us to look
at the potential we lost.
Have we become stuck in a box?
How do we break out
of the box and get
into the true cycle
and rhythm of life
represented by the circle?
And he seems to
indicate that doing so
requires that we
spread our wings
and connect to our spirit, which
is represented by the hidden
triangles.
Vinci was obviously
paying homage
to Vitruvius in how
he named this artwork.
Vitruvius was known to
have said that "the height
of a well-proportioned
man is equal to the span
of his outstretched arms.
These two equal
measures yield a square,
which encompasses
the whole body,
while the hands and feet
touch a circle centered
upon the navel."
Now who was Vitruvius?
He was a Roman
mathematician and architect
living in the first century BC,
just before the time of Christ.
Some of the earliest
surviving written records
of architectural art and
science come from Vitruvius.
He championed the idea that
the architecture of a temple
should be based on the likeness
of the perfectly-proportioned
human body, where a harmony
exists among its many parts.
Now, Vitruvius was also an
initiate of the Western Mystery
School tradition, who very
likely traveled to Alexandria
to investigate the temples
and pyramids of Egypt,
and to study at the great
libraries of Alexandria.
Vitruvius was trying to figure
out how to reach the infinite.
He worked with the Fibonacci
sequence and the golden mean,
and he brought this
into his architecture.
Vitruvius didn't
invent this, obviously,
but he popularized
it in the West.
From the time of Christ
onwards, the use of golden ratio
is now found in most temples
designed by Western initiates.
We can trace it all the
way back to ancient Egypt,
as well as to one of Solomon's
temples in Alexandria,
and then later the
Sistine Chapel as well
as various Masonic
and Christian temples.
They're all working with
this golden mean energy.
And with that,
they're more alive,
like resonant
chambers of energy.
What is the real meaning
behind the Fibonacci sequence,
and Where does it come from?
We know that it predates
mathematicians like Pythagoras,
and Vitruvius, and Fibonacci.
This pattern has been
with us from the beginning
it is the information that
contains the program upon which
life is built. The
ancient Egyptians
called the golden ratio,
the divine essence.
It is a measure
of the light that
comes to this density from
source and becomes materia.
This number, 1.618, is
found all throughout nature,
and is all around
us and within us.
Now, in Kabbalistic
terms, we say
that Ein Sof, the
source of all things,
first sent out a singular ray.
This created a point.
It's a center
point for creation.
But no form is yet created.
First, this reference
point was needed.
Then, two reference
points formed
a line, which then sets a
direction like a vector.
Then a third reference
point is needed
to create the first form,
which is the triangle.
This first form, the
triangle, is then
reflected down through
multiple densities
to create the tree of life.
We can also think of the tree
of life as 10 rays of light.
From the one came 10,
like the 10 fingers
of Ein Sof spreading
out into the universe.
Those 10 raised of light happen
to be in exact golden ratio
to each other, which we now
know of as the 1.618 phi ration.
This ratio of 1.618 can even
be found within our DNA.
When we take the ratio
of the length and width
of a single DNA
twist, each full cycle
of a double-helix
spiral in our DNA
is 34 Angstroms long
by 21 Angstroms wide.
Both these numbers are found
in the Fibonacci sequence,
and their ratio is approximately
the golden or phi ratio.
It is also the measurement of
the spiral path of our galaxy,
and many forms in nature grow
according to this golden ratio
or Fibonacci sequence.
Through the art and science of
working with Fibonacci numbers,
we can transform our own DNA.
The golden spiral is the
growth pattern of life.
It is the sequence of
multiplication, replication,
and expansion.
It brings life,
growth, abundance.
It is a pattern of progression.
It shows us how energy
is meant to flow.
Nature reveals it to
us in so many ways.
And as scientists
and alchemists,
we pay attention to nature when
we ask, what are nature's laws,
and what is it revealing to us?
Ancient initiates,
mathematicians, artists,
and scientists all paid
attention to these things.
da Vinci embedded the Fibonacci
sequence and golden ratio
throughout the
Vitruvian Man design,
as well as other art
and design work he did.
He saw this mathematical
formula of the golden mean
as a divine blueprint.
This pure blueprint vibrates
in the Fibonacci sequence
and create something perfect,
the perfected being, the Adam
Kadmon, which is what
this Vitruvian Man really
represents.
In our present human
form, we're not there yet.
We are imperfect.
This is because we are currently
off-tune from that frequency.
But we are learning to get
back to that perfection,
and that is what da Vinci is
teaching us through his art.
This is a key for us to
re-attune ourselves back
into harmony with the golden
ratio and Fibonacci numbers.
We are the key.
We are the Vitruvian Man.
We are the pentagram.
Notice how the pentagram is made
up of triangles, all of which
are in golden ratio.
This is a highly revered symbol
in the Western Mystery School
tradition because of this
golden ratio all over it.
It fits perfectly
within a pentagon,
and the faces of
the dodecahedron
form of the platonic solids.
This is one of the hidden
reasons why the symbol is
considered as so divine.
The pentagram is the
symbol of man, of humans.
Leonardo da Vinci
shows this, beginning
with the man
standing in the box,
and then expanding to
the pentagram form.
And in this movement, he
breaks out of the box,
into the circle.
But what is being
revealed is the triangle,
the hidden triangles
between his legs and arms.
These triangles highlight
the golden ratio again.
It's a hidden
secret of this art,
and it is revealing
that we are the key.
We have the golden
ratio all over our body,
from the tip of the fingers, to
the proportion of each joint,
to the knuckle, the wrist,
the elbow, the shoulder.
Nature is showing us
that this is our rhythm.
It is the rhythm of life,
the rhythm of growth.
Nature grows according to
these sequences and ratios.
This golden ratio
is life-enhancing.
How can we use Vitruvian
numerology and mathematics
in our daily lives?
The golden ratio is who we are.
This sequence is us.
But we are currently
living under
a different societal system,
one that puts us in a box.
And the box isn't always bad,
but it does create limitation,
and it can get boring.
Now if we want to continue
to grow and evolve,
we have to break out
of the box, meaning
we have to get out
of the comfort zone.
The Vitruvian system gives
us this organic framework
to move beyond our limitations.
We can use it to change some
of our mathematical approach
to understanding the
undivided wholeness,
to understand the
holographic universe.
Rather than a limited
and linear logic,
we can tap into an
expansive and dynamic flow.
There is still a
logic to it, but it
is a different kind of logic.
Vitruvian mathematics is
about expansion, acceleration,
and growing to
limitless potential.
When we attune to this
new way of thinking,
instead of planning out our
path in incremental steps,
such as step 1, step 2,
step 3, step 4, and so on,
we can instead think, how
do I take the next leap?
In a Vitruvian way,
we start by taking
one step, then another, then
two, then we begin leaping--
3, 5, 8, 13, 21,
34, 55, and so on,
with bigger and bigger leaps.
This puts us on an
accelerated path of evolution.
It becomes the basis for
a philosophy of life--
to always move beyond,
to take great strides
and break barriers.
Through this
Vitruvian rhythm, we
can make quantum leaps,
the kinds of leaps
that we are being asked
to make all the time now
in our fast-paced world.
This is how we break free from
the overwhelm of today's pace
of life.
Now, some of the research
by Nassim Haramein and team
demonstrated how the
golden ratio of 1.618
truly governs the arrangements
of just about everything.
It includes a scaling
law relationship,
from the smallest
Planck scale up
to the size of the
entire universe.
It might even be
fundamentally connected
to the structure of the
vacuum of empty space.
Such a scaling law implies a
fractal or holographic template
based on 1.618, within the
hologram's encoding level.
Now, decades earlier,
physicist David Bohm
wrote, "if all actions are in
the form of discrete quanta,
the interactions between
different entities--"
for example, electrons--
"constitute a single structure
of indivisible links, so
that the entire universe has
to be thought of as
an unbroken whole.
It is much more reminiscent of
how the organs of living being
are related than it is of how
parts of a machine interact."
As the observer, when we
unfold this unbroken whole
within everything we perceive
and the world around us,
the true nature of our
reality is revealed.
It is built on
this framework, not
of Cartesian squares or grids,
but on the golden ratio.
It is the frequency
of spirit entering
into the physical plane.
Vitruvian numerology
recognizes the golden mean
reflected everywhere
around us and within us.
This is the framework we
should be basing our reality
and societal structures upon.
The Cartesian
coordinate system was
great for the era
of rationalism.
The scientific era
blossomed from it.
But it's no longer working
in the quantum era.
It was good for separation
and breaking things
down into their parts,
but not for understanding
the dynamic movement
of the undivided whole.
We now need to leap, to
make a fundamental shift
in our paradigm, and this
leap requires an update
to the very
framework that we use
to orient ourselves within
spacetime and the flow of life.
This framework is what we
use to order and make sense
of our lives and the universe.
It has to change.
We cannot possibly make sense
of the undivided whole from
a limited coordinate system.
Working with
Vitruvian numerology
is not so much about the mind
and our old systems of logic,
rather it's about the heart.
It's about taking leaps
in life, leaps of faith.
It's about having
awareness of what's
needed to be in the
Vitruvian rhythm
instead of in the
Pythagorean rhythm.
The Pythagorean
rhythm can be used
to bring order and
systematization,
but it isn't a way to live life.
But how do we make the shift?
Well, there are a
few practical methods
we can use to begin to shift
ourselves into a Vitruvian
rhythm, and live
life more fully alive
and nurture our spirit
into the physical.
This requires us to
shift our frequency,
to create a new resonance system
within, a resonance driver that
can help us entrain and
maintain these golden vibrations
in ourselves and our life.
What is meant by
a resonant system?
This is really key.
In the physical world,
vibrational systems
generally experience some
kind of dampening effect.
For example, the friction
imposed by air molecules
slows down and eventually
stops a pendulum from swinging.
To keep the pendulum
or swing going,
there needs to be
a periodic push.
When we establish
a resonance system,
this extra push at the
right time and amplitude
keeps the flow going.
The rhythm of the
periodic push generates
a resonance in the system.
How can we become active
players in the game of life,
to start pushing ourselves
and the rest of humanity
into this golden rhythm?
How can we shift from the dull
march of a Pythagorean rhythm
into the Vitruvian rhythm
of living life alive.
One exercise to start
working with this
that I learned from my
teacher, Gudni Gudnason,
founder of the Modern
Mystery School,
is to entrain our heart
into the Vitruvian rhythm
through tapping.
To begin, breathe in and
out through the mouth only.
Continue breathing in this way.
And while breathing,
on the left wrist,
we're going to tap with our
right fingers in this way.
So continue breathing, and
then, first, hold the fingers
on the wrist for 0.
Tap one time for 1.
Tap again for 1.
Tap twice for 2.
Tap three times, five
times, eight times.
13 times.
Now we hold our fingers on
our wrist for one minute,
and time it.
Relax and breathe, now,
in through the nose,
and out through the mouth.
Then repeat this
process several times.
Breathing in and out through
the mouth during this exercise
increases our heart rate and
it imprints the new rhythm
into our being.
This process is changing the way
our heart operates, imprinting
the Vitruvian rhythm.
If we want to align
with this rhythm,
we won't get anywhere by
trying to just analyze it.
We need to just live it.
One other practical method is to
identify our Vitruvian number.
Now this is a personal
number to shift us
into the Vitruvian rhythm.
We're working with the
frequency of the physical body,
the electrical impulses, the
flow of energy within us.
The frequency of our brain at
a delta level, for example,
is 0 to 3 hertz or
beats per second.
This is a deep sleep or
almost coma-like state.
The theta level operates
from 3 to 8 hertz,
which is a transition
between sleep
or deep meditation,
or a dreamlike state.
The alpha level operates
at 8 to 13 hertz.
This is a restful yet
inwardly-awake state.
While the beta level
operates from 13 to 34 hertz,
which is when we are fully
awake and outwardly focused.
Notice that each of
these transition points
are within the
Fibonacci sequence--
0 to 3 for delta, 3 to 8 for
theta, 8 to 13 for alpha,
and even that 5
hertz is considered
a benchmark between low
alpha and high alpha.
A beta brainwave state
represents that fully
awake state.
We shift into beta, we're
awake and aware at 13 hertz.
So in Vitruvian
numerology, we then
ask, what do we need to
become fully awakened?
We use this number, 13, as
a number that represents
the shift into awakening.
We begin by using
Pythagorean numerology
to identify our personal
number using our name.
This is done by identifying the
number of our full birth name,
based on the Pythagorean
numerology chart, which
much of our Western
system is based
upon, and reduce this down to a
number, then, between 1 and 9.
So we get our full name and
every number, we add it all up,
and then reduce to a
number between 1 and 9.
My personal Pythagorean
number happens to be a 7.
So to get my Vitruvian
number, I then
look at how many steps
from that 7 to get
to 13, the number of awakening.
So to get that, we take the
difference between the number
of our name and 13.
So for me, it comes
to 13 minus 7,
which equals 6, making my
personal Vitruvian number 6.
Now, instead of focusing on
the meaning of the number,
the real question
is, what do we need
to do to bring that Vitruvian
number into our life?
Perhaps that can be
something like taking
that number of steps or leaps
to start our day every day,
or doing things in sets
of our Vitruvian number,
to attune or evoke this shift
from our base number up to 13
every day of our life, to
shift into this Fibonacci
number of awakening.
Our Vitruvian number will
be different for each of us
based on our full birth name.
Again, we don't need to analyze
the meaning of this number.
Just bring this number into our
life in as many wins as we can.
As more of us take
an active role
in making this shift
intentionally for ourselves,
we will gradually contribute to
creating a collective effect.
When we attune to
the Fibonacci rhythm,
those incremental
adjustments will add up.
We become the resonant
drivers to shift the frequency
within the whole framework
of our human collective.
This is our natural frequency.
We are meant to be living
the frequency of our spirit.
We've just forgotten how
to be in tune with it.
Now we have some
tools and knowledge
to help us get back in tune.
As we've worked with this
new system or framework based
on Vitruvian numerology
and the golden ratio,
we see that there are many
ways we can apply this.
It is a paradigm shift in
how we relate and organize
the world around us.
Transitioning into
a new structure
they can help us
move beyond the box
into a more life-affirming,
evolutionary numerology system,
one that fits with a
quantum world view.
We want to keep moving,
never staying the same.
This is the spice of
life, is to keep moving.
Let the rhythm of your
soul move your body
to the beat of the universe.
This is how we grow,
evolve and progress.
This is a key to move beyond.
And to get there,
we have to leap.
We must take risks in
life, try new things,
be spontaneous, live without
regrets, have passion in life,
and follow our passion.
As we move, we're
moving creation itself.
Through this movement, we can
master ourselves and the world
around us to evolve and
take it to the next level.
Working with this golden
ratio, we shift and grow.
It is our formula for growth.
The new paradigm is
here, but it's up to us
to start living it.
Find whatever creative way we
can to apply this in our life.
Have awareness of
Vitruvian numerology
at a practical level, and
work with it every day.
Make a shift personally
to take leaps in life
rather than staying
stuck in a box.
When we are flowing
this golden ratio,
we are not walking
a straight line.
It is not a linear grid
system that keeps us in a box.
We are instead tapping into
the key for how everything
grows, multiplies, evolves.
It opens up unlimited potential.
Work with Fibonacci
numbers and start living
this pattern and map every day.
We can adjust, at a
very practical level,
the frequencies of our lives,
our communities, our world.
Doing so creates a
new rhythmic driver,
like we did with the
tapping on our pulse
to entrain the heart
into a new resonance.
The little things we
do can and do matter,
especially when there are many
of us doing those little things
on a daily basis to attune to
that life-enhancing frequency.
Let the numerology
bring you to life.
Listen to life.
Take leaps.
Join me again as we discover
more practical tools
for expanding our
awareness and perceptions.
I'm Dr. Theresa Bullard.
Thank you for
exploring the mysteries
of our human potential with
me in this episode of "Mystery
Teachings."
[TITLE MUSIC]